I never liked me man
I wanna came I'm not awesome we feel
like one of the ball plan Nick as you
know my bird magicka summer
yeah you know when they could guard oh I
nigga could leave the league
but if I leave
the fans still got love me man
what's good yeah just for kicks too more
too I know I've been gone for a minute
but I'm back pretty much right before I
do this sneaker pick up my first sneaker
pick up I guess video I want to announce
the winners for the rastaclat bracelets
I have 30 sorry I'm not doing like one
of those are not video with a new bit of
hitting in-your-face kind of thing but I
got time fo love that i'm going to name
the winners shout out to yah what I need
you I to do is just contact me in either
youtube or just send me an email that
just for kicks 212 @ gmail.com the
winners for the roster clap bracelet so
remember there's three bracelets my
fault that contest was formerly a week
long um I know Bucky I think it was copy
and pasting you're probably like how the
hell you know that I know that because
YouTube actually doesn't when you send
our comment and this copy and paste it
says show quoted text leaving because it
was already viewed already so all those
people who did all that kona tech shit
was not in the contest all you people
copy paste it sorry you should have went
back and watch the videos literally like
30 seconds of unity dude got your answer
um shoutout no I don't even need a got a
shadow it's too I want to do is quick um
what else people on Instagram one person
from Instagram want surprisingly I don't
think anybody's gonna win since there
wasn't any comments on this degree of it
I had so many comments on YouTube but I
guess someone one which was sneakerhead
101 shout out to you you get one contact
me at you tom on YouTube through the
inbox but you won through Instagram so
just if you watching cut contact me
through email just keeps going to add
email second person one on YouTube
Robbie 26 I believe it is I might got
that wrong I will send you messages
anyway the people want on YouTube let
you know you won and
um I'm even though this is a last but
not least gb a underscore 32 I think I
remember that right if I say the wrong
fuck it I'm gonna save you a message
anyway but shout out to you yeah three
guys one on congratulations thank you
for not copying pasting and actually
watching the video um thank you for
participating in a lot of amount of time
because there's a lot of people who just
kept on like yeah I'm gonna keep on
entering it was past the week deadline
anyway I guess that'll be it all right
yes I'm glad we got through that alright
guys I'm gonna start doing a new segment
called pickups obviously because I don't
do a lot of videos because i'm lazy so i
figured if i do pick up videos you know
i can show you something without
actually having to break it down
technical whatever aspects and just show
you something and then another video can
come out for the shoe with technical
benefit so it kind of helps you guys see
me a little bit more or whatever the
case it may be um today i actually got a
present for why not today i got it about
23 days ago president from up north New
York one of my homies looked out and
actually gotten him as an early gift for
my birthday my birthday's March third
guys I think this will be this video be
going up on a second and if you can tell
from the box tag obviously is the route
the broad 10 cork QF's so the quick
strike and a 10 and a half ah there you
go guys so as you can see i have the
lebron 10 cork Key West quick strike
whatever you want to call it in my hand
again thank you to who who got me I
can't say your name cuz i don't want
people to bother you and I know how it
is in a sneaker game maybe
region so thank you I appreciate it I
got a 10 and a half guys it fits but I'm
a true 11 and these are a true to size
shoes so it feels a little snug compared
to an 11 would fit me so I'm know if
anybody's in orlando or tempo or someone
in miami area that is looking for a ten
and a half and wants to trade for an
eleven you have an 11 i'm willing to do
that trade i'm not going to be wearing
them anytime soon actually just did a
lace swap on them with the places that
came to the bag and these are the
pre-factor relations pretty much i like
the other lace is better i tried them on
again just see if they fit they fit
they're snug and the real dope guys on I
don't even know what else to say about
it I already just did a little video
with zaiah X and we were just discussing
the course so I'm not going to get too
into it but just want to show you guys
the actual shoe and it's pretty dope
this is obviously the left tear this is
the right there guys don't got the
LeBron sportswear logo back there well
yeah I don't know what else to say no
tell you a little story about it I've
been tryna and you guys know me I like
the cork since the first sample pictures
with the blue laces came out I've been
hitting up people since that day like
yoga could you look out yo cuz out here
I already know is gonna be crazy in
orlando whatever situation come to find
out the weak up I hit the same people up
again just a who am i because they took
me to remind the guys I got you cuz like
I thought our street then Wednesday they
hit me up like yo I don't know what's
going on but something stuff to happen
and we probably won't even grab hair so
I was a guy cool so the last my last
option was either back to resell or go
to my house of hoops and try to do a
raffle try to do a raffle I got like ten
raffle tickets from like random people i
knew willing to go for me and then I
didn't get a call so you know friday
night i just gave up cuz i don't get a
call I was like you know what I'm not
getting these fucking shoes whatever the
situation is I give up and I would sleep
I woke up the next morning like seven in
morning because I'm gonna try our Nike
store but then you see everybody talking
about they sniper by man think everybody
got sniper mine now Nicki this shit is
ridiculous but um I don't even know I
seen everybody talking about that was
like knowing I have no chance cuz
actually had to store numbers of what
nike store actually had I had a manifest
sheet shout out to you who sent me that
oh and I already seen how many Mercer
had and all this extra shit for the
RSVPs haven't seen how it works go ahead
away and I knew I was gonna win our
naked store for example so I was ignora
fuck it I went right back to sleep I
like 715 and literally I woke up maybe
like what an afternoon and I got a text
I seen to text like you know what size
of you and after I seen that I was like
yo of a size 11 hit him up then and one
person couldn't grab me 11 so I said I'd
is cool and then the other person said
I'd I got you at eleven which was this
person and come to find out stuff to
happen with the swap and they totally
grabbed you internet which is cool
because I'm more than appreciative like
I love this fucking shoe fits well and
everything I just prefer it 11 just
because
so cottaging um and pretty much does the
end of my story I just got hooked up so
pretty much again shout out to the
person who hooked me up I truly
appreciate these shoes got early for my
birthday I was thinking about wearing
for my birthday but I'm trying to get a
trade for a size 11 in my local area my
middle or orlando florida i let it go to
tampa orlando I'd be at Miami sometimes
you know me know just hit me up if you
don't know me up anyway follow the
Instagram Twitter just just for kicks
towards who subscribe up above my fault
my allergies are fucking killing me
right now LeBron corks I'll show you
guys some pictures of them right now and
um just for kicks to a to thank you for
checking me out and this is my first
pick up video again to show you guys
more shoes without the technical
benefits but how do technical benefit on
it technical review on it within the
week or so no promises though